Our product is a part-time job matching app. It serves both job seekers and employers. Our platform uses reinforcement learning to provide best service. It learns job seekers' preferences，behavior and feedback to provide personalized service. There is a big demand for part-time job opportunities in the UK. But there has been a lack of a reliable, safe platform for employers and part-time job seekers. The part-time job market has always been ignored. So our product is designed to fill the huge gap in the market. Both employers and job seekers can register at our platform. Users can subscribe to and use our app for just £10 per month.
   Firstly, job seekers register at our platform with their email or phone number. Their personal information, including age, gender, educational background, and work experience is required. Then job seekers upload identification documents and relevant materials. Our team will review the submission. Registration will be successfully completed after we approve the submission. After successfully registering, job seekers need to finish their preference settings. The settings include location, preferred job type (industry and role), available working hours, and expected salary. Our smart recommendation system needs these information to make judgements.
   Secondly, employers also register on our platform. Registration requires the company registration number, which is automatically verified with the Companies House database. Our verification team will review the application. Limited functionality is available during the review.
